Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 375 y0: 169
x1: 510 y1: 269

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 371 y0: 315
x1: 510 y1: 269

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 371 y0: 315
x1: 510 y1: 269

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 371 y0: 315
x1: 480 y1: 420

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 195 y0: 231
x1: 375 y1: 169

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 223 y0: 381
x1: 371 y1: 315

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 310 y0: 362
x1: 480 y1: 420

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 318 y0: 511
x1: 480 y1: 420

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 310 y0: 362
x1: 510 y1: 269

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 310 y0: 362
x1: 480 y1: 420

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 371 y0: 315
x1: 480 y1: 420

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 223 y0: 381
x1: 371 y1: 315

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 223 y0: 381
x1: 480 y1: 420

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 223 y0: 381
x1: 480 y1: 420

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 318 y0: 511
x1: 480 y1: 420

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 195 y0: 231
x1: 375 y1: 169

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 310 y0: 362
x1: 510 y1: 269

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 375 y0: 169
x1: 510 y1: 269

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 356 y0: 139
x1: 474 y1: 168

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 355 y0: 298
x1: 459 y1: 356

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 194 y0: 157
x1: 356 y1: 139

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 211 y0: 334
x1: 355 y1: 298

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 290 y0: 197
x1: 459 y1: 356

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 298 y0: 409
x1: 459 y1: 356

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 290 y0: 197
x1: 474 y1: 168

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 290 y0: 197
x1: 459 y1: 356

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 355 y0: 298
x1: 459 y1: 356

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 211 y0: 334
x1: 355 y1: 298

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 211 y0: 334
x1: 459 y1: 356

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 211 y0: 334
x1: 459 y1: 356

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 211 y0: 334
x1: 298 y1: 409

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 298 y0: 409
x1: 459 y1: 356

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 194 y0: 157
x1: 290 y1: 197

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 211 y0: 334
x1: 298 y1: 409

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 194 y0: 157
x1: 356 y1: 139

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 290 y0: 197
x1: 356 y1: 139

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 194 y0: 157
x1: 290 y1: 197

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 290 y0: 197
x1: 474 y1: 168

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 290 y0: 197
x1: 356 y1: 139

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 356 y0: 139
x1: 474 y1: 168

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 340 y0: 233
x1: 455 y1: 155

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 339 y0: 401
x1: 465 y1: 360

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 175 y0: 185
x1: 340 y1: 233

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 160 y0: 376
x1: 340 y1: 233

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 160 y0: 376
x1: 340 y1: 233

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 160 y0: 376
x1: 339 y1: 401

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 255 y0: 318
x1: 465 y1: 360

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 265 y0: 78
x1: 455 y1: 155

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 339 y0: 401
x1: 465 y1: 360

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 160 y0: 376
x1: 339 y1: 401

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 160 y0: 376
x1: 465 y1: 360

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 160 y0: 376
x1: 465 y1: 360

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 160 y0: 376
x1: 255 y1: 318

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 255 y0: 318
x1: 465 y1: 360

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 160 y0: 376
x1: 255 y1: 318

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 175 y0: 185
x1: 340 y1: 233

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 265 y0: 78
x1: 455 y1: 155

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 340 y0: 233
x1: 455 y1: 155

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 393 y0: 331
x1: 494 y1: 419

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 333 y0: 313
x1: 476 y1: 260

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 331 y0: 460
x1: 494 y1: 419

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 227 y0: 228
x1: 393 y1: 331

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 209 y0: 394
x1: 393 y1: 331

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 227 y0: 228
x1: 386 y1: 151

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 227 y0: 228
x1: 393 y1: 331

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 393 y0: 331
x1: 494 y1: 419

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 331 y0: 460
x1: 494 y1: 419

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 209 y0: 394
x1: 331 y1: 460

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 209 y0: 394
x1: 393 y1: 331

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 209 y0: 394
x1: 333 y1: 313

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 227 y0: 228
x1: 333 y1: 313

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 209 y0: 394
x1: 331 y1: 460

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 209 y0: 394
x1: 333 y1: 313

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 333 y0: 313
x1: 476 y1: 260

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 227 y0: 228
x1: 476 y1: 260

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 227 y0: 228
x1: 333 y1: 313

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 227 y0: 228
x1: 386 y1: 151

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 227 y0: 228
x1: 476 y1: 260

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 336 y0: 234
x1: 554 y1: 201

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 336 y0: 234
x1: 589 y1: 411

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 336 y0: 234
x1: 589 y1: 411

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 333 y0: 434
x1: 589 y1: 411

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 333 y0: 434
x1: 589 y1: 411

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 333 y0: 434
x1: 579 y1: 485

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 333 y0: 434
x1: 579 y1: 485

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 383 y0: 498
x1: 579 y1: 485

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 379 y0: 333
x1: 552 y1: 312

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 383 y0: 498
x1: 579 y1: 485

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 379 y0: 333
x1: 554 y1: 201

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 379 y0: 333
x1: 552 y1: 312

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 379 y0: 333
x1: 554 y1: 201

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 336 y0: 234
x1: 554 y1: 201

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 242 y0: 198
x1: 447 y1: 124

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 242 y0: 198
x1: 459 y1: 390

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 242 y0: 198
x1: 459 y1: 390

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 232 y0: 421
x1: 459 y1: 390

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 459 y0: 390
x1: 556 y1: 433

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 232 y0: 421
x1: 365 y1: 451

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 242 y0: 198
x1: 364 y1: 271

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 232 y0: 421
x1: 459 y1: 390

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 459 y0: 390
x1: 556 y1: 433

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 232 y0: 421
x1: 556 y1: 433

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 232 y0: 421
x1: 556 y1: 433

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 365 y0: 451
x1: 556 y1: 433

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 232 y0: 421
x1: 365 y1: 451

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 364 y0: 271
x1: 539 y1: 226

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 365 y0: 451
x1: 556 y1: 433

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 364 y0: 271
x1: 539 y1: 226

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 242 y0: 198
x1: 364 y1: 271

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 242 y0: 198
x1: 447 y1: 124

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 226 y0: 173
x1: 417 y1: 204

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 241 y0: 366
x1: 408 y1: 422

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 417 y0: 204
x1: 514 y1: 161

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 408 y0: 422
x1: 496 y1: 343

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 241 y0: 366
x1: 347 y1: 305

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 226 y0: 173
x1: 347 y1: 142

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 241 y0: 366
x1: 408 y1: 422

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 408 y0: 422
x1: 496 y1: 343

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 241 y0: 366
x1: 496 y1: 343

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 241 y0: 366
x1: 496 y1: 343

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 347 y0: 305
x1: 496 y1: 343

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 241 y0: 366
x1: 347 y1: 305

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 347 y0: 305
x1: 514 y1: 161

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 347 y0: 142
x1: 514 y1: 161

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 347 y0: 305
x1: 496 y1: 343

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 347 y0: 305
x1: 514 y1: 161

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 417 y0: 204
x1: 514 y1: 161

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 347 y0: 142
x1: 417 y1: 204

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 347 y0: 142
x1: 514 y1: 161

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 226 y0: 173
x1: 347 y1: 142

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 347 y0: 142
x1: 417 y1: 204

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 226 y0: 173
x1: 417 y1: 204

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 190 y0: 286
x1: 397 y1: 384

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 221 y0: 437
x1: 386 y1: 532

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 397 y0: 384
x1: 483 y1: 397

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 397 y0: 384
x1: 483 y1: 397

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 221 y0: 437
x1: 331 y1: 327

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 190 y0: 286
x1: 328 y1: 180

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 221 y0: 437
x1: 386 y1: 532

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 221 y0: 437
x1: 483 y1: 397

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 221 y0: 437
x1: 483 y1: 397

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 331 y0: 327
x1: 483 y1: 397

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 221 y0: 437
x1: 331 y1: 327

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 331 y0: 327
x1: 513 y1: 246

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 328 y0: 180
x1: 513 y1: 246

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 331 y0: 327
x1: 483 y1: 397

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 331 y0: 327
x1: 513 y1: 246

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 328 y0: 180
x1: 513 y1: 246

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 190 y0: 286
x1: 328 y1: 180

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 190 y0: 286
x1: 397 y1: 384

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 462 y0: 328
x1: 614 y1: 278

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 475 y0: 471
x1: 651 y1: 433

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 383 y0: 248
x1: 592 y1: 353

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 388 y0: 410
x1: 592 y1: 353

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 383 y0: 248
x1: 557 y1: 177

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 383 y0: 248
x1: 592 y1: 353

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 475 y0: 471
x1: 651 y1: 433

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 388 y0: 410
x1: 475 y1: 471

Ended rasterizing line
Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 388 y0: 410
x1: 592 y1: 353

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 388 y0: 410
x1: 475 y1: 471

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Long axis is y

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 462 y0: 328
x1: 614 y1: 278

Ended rasterizing line
Starting x is on the right

Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 383 y0: 248
x1: 614 y1: 278

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

Starting x is on the right

Decreasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 383 y0: 248
x1: 557 y1: 177

Ended rasterizing line
Increasing
Started rasterizing line
x0: 383 y0: 248
x1: 614 y1: 278

Ended rasterizing line
Long axis is y

